---
subcategory: "App Engine"
description: |-
 Allows management of an App Engine application.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# google_app_engine_application

Allows creation and management of an App Engine application.

~> App Engine applications cannot be deleted once they're created; you have to delete the
   entire project to delete the application. Terraform will report the application has been
   successfully deleted; this is a limitation of Terraform, and will go away in the future.
   Terraform is not able to delete App Engine applications.

~> **Warning:** All arguments including `iapOauth2ClientSecret` will be stored in the raw
state as plain-text. [Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const googleProjectMyProject = new google.project.Project(
      this,
      "my_project",
      {
        name: "My Project",
        orgId: "1234567",
        projectId: "your-project-id",
      }
    );
    new google.appEngineApplication.AppEngineApplication(this, "app", {
      locationId: "us-central",
      project: cdktf.Token.asString(googleProjectMyProject.projectId),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `project` - (Required) The project ID to create the application under.
   ~>**NOTE:** GCP only accepts project ID, not project number. If you are using number,
   you may get a "Permission denied" error.

* `locationId` - (Required) The [location](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/locations)
   to serve the app from.

* `authDomain` - (Optional) The domain to authenticate users with when using App Engine's User API.

* `databaseType` - (Optional) The type of the Cloud Firestore or Cloud Datastore database associated with this application.
   Can be `cloudFirestore` or `cloudDatastoreCompatibility` for new
   instances.  To support old instances, the value `cloudDatastore` is accepted by the provider, but will be rejected by the API.
   To create a Cloud Firestore database without creating an App Engine application, use the
   [`googleFirestoreDatabase`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/firestore_database)
   resource instead.

* `servingStatus` - (Optional) The serving status of the app.

* `featureSettings` - (Optional) A block of optional settings to configure specific App Engine features:

  * `splitHealthChecks` - (Required) Set to false to use the legacy health check instead of the readiness
    and liveness checks.

* `iap` - (Optional) Settings for enabling Cloud Identity Aware Proxy

  * `oauth2ClientId` - (Required) OAuth2 client ID to use for the authentication flow.

  * `oauth2ClientSecret` - (Required) OAuth2 client secret to use for the authentication flow.
    The SHA-256 hash of the value is returned in the oauth2ClientSecretSha256 field.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{project}}`

* `name` - Unique name of the app, usually `apps/{projectId}`

* `appId` - Identifier of the app, usually `{projectId}`

* `urlDispatchRule` - A list of dispatch rule blocks. Each block has a `domain`, `path`, and `service` field.

* `codeBucket` - The GCS bucket code is being stored in for this app.

* `defaultHostname` - The default hostname for this app.

* `defaultBucket` - The GCS bucket content is being stored in for this app.

* `gcrDomain` - The GCR domain used for storing managed Docker images for this app.

* `iap` - Settings for enabling Cloud Identity Aware Proxy

  * `enabled` - (Optional) Whether the serving infrastructure will authenticate and authorize all incoming requests. 
  (default is false)

  * `oauth2ClientSecretSha256` - Hex-encoded SHA-256 hash of the client secret.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

- `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
- `update` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

Applications can be imported using the ID of the project the application belongs to, e.g.

```
$ terraform import google_app_engine_application.app your-project-id
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-af2b5e7c9020962f20e8e6bcaf82af630cbb5328f08c7a46893f77c7bc23dc97 -->