---
subcategory: "Cloud Identity"
description: |-
  Get list of the Cloud Identity Groups under a customer or namespace.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# google_cloud_identity_groups

Use this data source to get list of the Cloud Identity Groups under a customer or namespace.

https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/concepts/overview#groups

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new google.dataGoogleCloudIdentityGroups.DataGoogleCloudIdentityGroups(
      this,
      "groups",
      {
        parent: "customers/A01b123xz",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `parent` - (Required) The parent resource under which to list all Groups. Must be of the form identitysources/{identity_source_id} for external- identity-mapped groups or customers/{customer_id} for Google Groups.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

* `groups` - The list of groups under the provided customer or namespace. Structure is [documented below](#nested_groups).

<a name="nested_groups"></a>The `groups` block contains:

* `name` -
  Resource name of the Group in the format: groups/{group_id}, where `groupId` is the unique ID assigned to the Group.

* `groupKey` -
  EntityKey of the Group.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_group_key).

* `displayName` -
  The display name of the Group.

* `description` -
  An extended description to help users determine the purpose of a Group.

* `labels` -The labels that apply to the Group.
  Contains 'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum': '' if the Group is a Google Group or
  'system/groups/external': '' if the Group is an external-identity-mapped group.

<a name="nested_group_key"></a>The `groupKey` block supports:

* `id` -
  The ID of the entity.
  For Google-managed entities, the id is the email address of an existing group or user.
  For external-identity-mapped entities, the id is a string conforming
  to the Identity Source's requirements.

* `namespace` -
  The namespace in which the entity exists.
  If not populated, the EntityKey represents a Google-managed entity
  such as a Google user or a Google Group.
  If populated, the EntityKey represents an external-identity-mapped group.
  The namespace must correspond to an identity source created in Admin Console
  and must be in the form of `identitysources/{identitySourceId}`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ac818170aa715c00749dd61c028b0924ec1952d7db5037a0f7e9df33bce8786f -->