---
subcategory: "Game Servers"
description: |-
  Get the rollout state.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# google\_game\_services\_game\_server\_deployment\_rollout

Use this data source to get the rollout state. 

https://cloud.google.com/game-servers/docs/reference/rest/v1beta/GameServerDeploymentRollout

## Example Usage 


```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new google.dataGoogleGameServicesGameServerDeploymentRollout.DataGoogleGameServicesGameServerDeploymentRollout(
      this,
      "qa",
      {
        deploymentId: "tf-test-deployment-s8sn12jt2c",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `deploymentId` - (Required)
  The deployment to get the rollout state from. Only 1 rollout must be associated with each deployment.


## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

* `defaultGameServerConfig` -
  This field points to the game server config that is
  applied by default to all realms and clusters. For example,
  `projects/myProject/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/myGame/configs/myConfig`.


* `gameServerConfigOverrides` -
  The game_server_config_overrides contains the per game server config
  overrides. The overrides are processed in the order they are listed. As
  soon as a match is found for a cluster, the rest of the list is not
  processed.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_game_server_config_overrides).

* `project` - The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


<a name="nested_game_server_config_overrides"></a>The `gameServerConfigOverrides` block contains:

* `realmsSelector` -
  Selection by realms.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_realms_selector).

* `configVersion` -
  Version of the configuration.

<a name="nested_realms_selector"></a>The `realmsSelector` block contains:

* `realms` -
  List of realms to match against.

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/{{deploymentId}}/rollout`

* `name` -
  The resource id of the game server deployment
  eg: `projects/myProject/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/myDeployment/rollout`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-35f39689280e712ebf338027c0cfe6903143e68a9d45062876c383f8f35ecd7d -->